this ex-boyfriends thing is messing with
my head exes why do you keep sayin
from earlier Roxy you know this girl boy
does she know me what is she talking
about he really doesn't know right it
was just a phase you know sexy it meant
nothing I didn't think it would count it
meant nothing
I was just a little bicurious well honey
I'm a little
do that again and I will end you back
off Gideon can't have - no one can more
than Gideon biscuit his pretentious ass
up here cuz I'm about to kick yours out
of the great white noise
this is happening right oh yeah bigger
in the ball
I'm sending you back to Gideon in a
thousand pieces you
I'd rather be dead than go back he's a
creep
you're a bitch and you all deserve each
other Ramona this is a league game
meaning I don't think I can hit a girl
you're soft
you don't have a choice